Add `exclusionList` to enable excluding tags based on regex. (#256)
fluxcd/image-reflector-controller: docs/spec/v1beta1/imagerepositories.md

      - matchLabels: {}
```

### Exclude Tags

To exclude certain tags, the `spec.exclusionList` field can be used to specify a list of regex expressions.
Any tags that match any of the regex expressions, will be excluded from the final tag list.
If `spec.exclusionList` is empty, by default the regex `"^.*\\.sig$"` is used to exclude all tags ending with

> `.sig`, since these are [Cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign) generated objects and not valid images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.sig`, since these are [Cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign) generated objects and not container images who can be deployed on a cluster.
```
